Hello. This is a simple race car game developed in my CSC 133 class at California State University, Sacramento. 
It was a semester long project to teach object oriented programming and design. You are the #1 race car in a race with 3 others.
The point of the race is to reach all 4 pylons in sequence. You have 3 lives and 50 units of gas. All objects can be collided with.
Avoid cars and birds as they can damage the car which will affect the speed of your car proportionally to the damage. When damage reaches 10
the car will explode and the race restarts with 1 less life.

Win Conditions: none
Loss Conditions: 1)Run out of fuel
				 2)Car damage reaches 10.
				 
Sounds: Set to off by default
    Background: "Boom Background Music"
	NPC Collision: "Crunch NPC Collision"
	Explosion: "Explosion Collision Lost Life"
	Fuel Can Collision: "Fuel Can Slurp"
	
Game Objects:
	Cars: 1 Player Car (your #1) and 3 NPC cars drawn as red rectangles with black axles and wheels
	       Note: Collisions with NPC cars will cause 2 points of damage as well as possibly create an oil slick at point of collision
	Birds: Empty green circles that fly across the map
		   Note: Will cause 1 point of damage per collision
	Oil Slicks: Black ovals that will not allow you to steer while you are in one
	Fuel Cans: Blue squares with their fuel amount on them
               Note: Will give the player car fuel when collided with
	Pylons: Yellow circles and are the "checkpoints" of the race
	
Game Controls:
	UP Arrow: Accelerate car
	DOWN Arrow: Brake car
	LEFT Arrow: Steer car left
	RIGHT Arrow: Steer car right
	o key: (While Paused) Create oil slick at random location
	q key: Brings up dialog box asking whether or not you want to quit the game
	SPACE key: Make NPC cars change strategies between chasing you or heading toward one of the pylons (the pylon they go to increments with each change)
	           Note: The NPC cars change strategies every 10 seconds.
	DELETE key (not Backspace): (While Paused) Delete seleted object from the game
	                             Note: Currently only fuel cans and pylons can be deleted as they are the only ones that can be selected.